Title : Contributions to the Security and Privacy of
Electronic Ticketing Systems
Author : Arnau Vives-Guasch
Place : Tarragona Spain, UNIVERSITAT ROVIRA I VIRGILI
Date : May 15, 2013

The use of Information and Communication Technologies (ICT) is increasing every
day in our common operations, since ICT are replacing classic paper systems by
digital ones, i.e. the case of electronic tickets.
An electronic ticket is a contract in digital format between two parties, the
user and the service provider, which reflects the agreement between them so that
the user receives the desired service from the provider. This ticket is used in
different types of transportation systems, entertainment and special events, etc.
In any of these cases, this electronic ticket contains information about the terms
and conditions of the associated service, and their use limitations, such as an
established number of uses or a validity time.
In order to complete the transition from paper to digital format, the same
security requirements provided by the paper tickets have to be guaranteed in the
new digital scenario. Digital information is known to be easily copied or modified,
which enables the attempts of forgery or the duplication of information, allowing
fraudsters to exploit them, for example, in order to use the service more times
than the preset in the ticket.
Actually, some cryptographic techniques such as the electronic signature are
used in order to ensure that the issuer of a ticket is the authorised one (authenticity), that the ticket has not been modified since its issue (integrity), and that any
entity that has generated a ticket cannot deny it (non-repudiation).
However, security is not the only requirement of those systems, because users
also require privacy for their transactions. Nevertheless, the design of secure and
efficient protocols that provide privacy to users is a difficult challenge that also
depends on the devices that the users handle.

In the proposed paper he introduce the participants who are involved in an electronic ticketing system
User: receives the electronic ticket and sends it for its verification in order to
use the service.
• Issuer: issues the electronic ticket to the user. E-tickets can be issued by both
service providers and intermediaries [Siu 01b].
• Service provider: receives the e-ticket from the user and verifies it. If correct,
then it provides access to the service.

He furthermore proposed that the electronic tickets must include some basic information for their
practical use. 
Serial number (SN): unique identification of an e-ticket.
• Issuer (IS): entity who is responsible for issuing the e-ticket. This issuer can
also be the service provider, or an intermediary.
• Service provider (SP): entity who offers the service to the user.
User (US): information about the e-ticket owner. In case this field exists in
the e-ticket, user anonymity cannot be achieved.
• Service (SV): description of the service contract.
• Terms and conditions (TC): definition of the e-ticket terms and conditions,
or alternatively an external link to enable consultation.









Title : GPRS-Based Cinema Ticket
Reservation System
Author : Mihai Balan
Place : Kongens Lyngby, Denmark
Date : 2007

The purpose of this MSC project is to create a location-aware service for GPRSenabled mobile devices. This service is called Cinema Ticket Reservation System
and it can determine user’s current position, allow users to search for movies
in a given range from their current position, or reserve/purchase tickets. Users
can pay for tickets using credit cards saved in a secure wallet embedded into the
application, or e-money received as refund for the canceled tickets. An authentication mechanism based on the Needham-Schroeder protocol is implemented.
A user-centered design is considered. Workshops and interviews are conducted
with real users to build and evaluate different low and high-fidelity prototypes.
GPRS is used as a network carrier for all client-server requests. J2ME, J2EE,
Bouncy Castle cryptographic libraries, and postgreSQL DB are chosen as implementation technologies. Different optimization techniques are used to increase
the overall system performance. The marketing strategies for lunching this service are analyzed. This prof-of-concept prototype shows how a user-centered
approach can drive the design and implementation phases of a web service, and
how several technologies can be merged together to create a successful service.

Identified Issues in the Cinema Ticket Reservation System

Mobile Device Limitations: limited device hardware i.e. small memory, low CPU power, short battery life, small display, limited input capability, etc.
• MIDlet: UI design for a CLDC 1.1/MIDP 2.0 based mobile device; build
rich and user friendly UI; prevent UI lock-up during the network operations; make the information easy to read on a small screen; overcome the
limited input capabilities.
• User Centered Design of the Prototype: involve users in all steps of
the system design; obtain feed back from users.
• Location-aware MIDlet: determine user’s current position; retrieve a
list of all cinemas and movies in a certain range from the user’s current
position; hardware and software necessary for a location-aware application.
• On-device data storing: store user preferences and cinema service configuration parameters on the mobile device; secure the on-device data.
• Secure Wallet: secure saved users’ sensitive data e.g. credit cards, on
the mobile device.

Solutions to the Identified Issues

Mobile Device Limitations:
The solution of the Cinema Ticket Reservation System need to overcome all
previous mentioned hardware limitations. This can be achieved by a good application and communication protocols design, use of lightweight libraries, optimizing the packaging process (e.g. including only those parts of the libraries
the application uses, and taking advantage of the obfuscation process to replace
class names and long variable names with shorter ones).The small display issue can be overcome by using a One screen at a Time
approach i.e. long operations need to be split into small pieces.

MIDlet:
Rich UI can be developed by taking advantage of both low level and high level
components in CLDC 1.1/MIDP 2.0.
One must prevent the UI lock-up during network operations by using background threads for that. An animated gauge can be displayed to keep the user
informed on the operation status at all time.

Location-aware application:
This is a location - aware application that can determine user’s current position
and display a list of all cinemas and movies in a certain range from that position.A first solution involves an external GPS device that can be connected to the
mobile device or a built in GPS chip to determine user’s current position.Based on the GPS data and application setup, all cinemas in the user’s range can be found out







Title : Dynamic Pricing in Movie Tickets using
Regression Techniques 
Author : Vaibhav Gupta
Place : Varanasi, India. 
Date : 2018



Dynamic pricing is one of the most widely used tools
for revenue management. It allows companies to enhance
their revenues by combining its supplies with demands,
responding to changing different patterns of demand, and by
attaining customer segmentation. Dynamic pricing is
popularly used in various industries including airline
industry, entertainment industry, hotel industry, and the
retail industry.
Most of the dynamic pricing application area’s problems
share three main characteristics. First, the selling season
lasts for a finite span of time/ period. The products have a
limited and fixed selling season time and they are timesensitive. Like in case of airlines industry, reservation of
seats is permitted before some months before the actual
departure time, similarly movie-tickets are available online for
pre-booking which lasts till the show time. Second, there is
an amount of some fixed stock of products kept at the
beginning of sale which has to be sold during a particular
season; hence no new product inventory is added overtime.
In airlines industry the total number of seats in particular
flight is fixed and there will be no options for an extra new
reservation for seats and similarly for a movie show also the
number of seats available are fixed. Third, modifying the
selling price is possible that means different costs for
different products can be allotted depending on the season
instead of single or fixed or static price of products for the
entire season. For example, price can be changed
dynamically for a movie when it is online. 

According to the time horizon structure, there are
following three types of models which are followed by all
the problems:
1. Continuous time horizon, here cost can be changed at
any time. It is suitable for all those applications which
allows adjusting prices at very little or no expense (e.g.,
online shopping). In most of the articles, in order to improve
the algorithm efficiency, a continuous time period or
horizon is divided into multiple time intervals which are
short enough that there is nearly at every time interval, there
is arrival of a customer. In such type of cases, the time
horizon is said to be discretized continuously.
2. Discrete time horizon, time is divided into a number
of time intervals such that prices can be changed only at the
initial stage of time period. A discrete horizon is suitable in
those applications where price changes may cause a
significant cost and prices are changed regularly depending
on some fixed schedule (e.g., most of the physical stores
shopping).
3. Customer based time horizon, here price is altered
only in a condition of arrival of customer, and therefore it is
totally dependent on the arrival of customer.







QFX cinema

A well-known cinema chain in Nepal, QFX Cinemas provides a contemporary movie-going experience. One of the biggest multiplex chains in the nation, it has numerous locations in important towns including Kathmandu, Lalitpur, and Pokhara.
QFX Cinemas offers cutting-edge services and facilities to improve its patrons' movie-going experiences. They offer relaxing seating options, like as reclining seats and VIP options in some theaters. Modern audio-visual technology is installed in the theaters to deliver excellent sound and picture.
Regional Nepali films, as well as films from other foreign industries, are shown at QFX Cinemas in addition to popular Hollywood and Bollywood blockbusters. They strive to accommodate a variety of film tastes and offer a venue for regional filmmakers to exhibit
To provide convenience to their customers, QFX Cinemas has an online ticket booking system, allowing moviegoers to book their seats in advance. They have a user-friendly website and mobile app where users can browse movie listings, showtimes, and make bookings.

City Cinema
City cinema is one of the first and evolving multiplex in Biratnagar. It has two screening theatres, Hall A and Hall B With a capacity of more than 100 seats
providing high quality auditorium with Barco 2k latest digital projector system, clear crystal DTS sound. They offer both a normal seats and VIP seats to the cutomers based 
on their preference. Regional films along with bollywood and hollywood blockbusters are shown at City cinema. They have a user friendly website where users can easily
select their seats and reserve or buy the tickets digitally.

